Today on the show, we're speaking with Chris Ronzio. He's the co-founder and CEO of a software company called Trrenule. Chris has built trenule into a wildly successful SAS platform with his brother and co-founder Jonathan. How do you get a guy like Damon John interested in one of the faces of a B2B SAS company? Pretty simple. Like you just have to ask for how do I work with celebrities? Like message them, DM them, ask them. What made you reach out to Damon specifically? We thought anybody that watches Shark Tank is probably interested in this. With Damon, we had this virtual event. The first thing I did was show him a picture of me in seventh grade with a FUBU jersey on. His team sent us a message and was like, "Damon loves you guys and wants to figure out how to work together." And there was this one moment where Amex turned off my charge cards. Oh yeah. And I had to start just like calling friends and seeing like who I could borrow money from to pay our balance down. We didn't get a new sign up for 8 days. And we thought, all right, demand's gone. We've saturated the market. We started pinging different, you know, celebrities, personalities that were in Shark Tank and saying, "How do we align ourselves with these people?" Because they already have the audience that we want. Founders will overcomplicate the quote unquote influencer marketing thing. Person A has an audience. I want some of that audience. I'm going to work with that person. It's literally that simple. Engaged husband, engaged father, marathoner, all the things. One day when the pages turn, what does Chris Ramsey I want to be remembered for? I want to be remembered for. Hey guys, Johnny Paige here and I'd love to give you a free copy of our latest book, Software as a Science. This book teaches nine core frameworks that we have honed over our work with 3,000 founders. It tells the story of 60 different SAS companies and really focuses on the science behind growing software companies. So, if you're tired of spraying and praying all of these growth strategies, some of them working, some of them not, and ultimately not feeling like there's predictable growth in your SAS business, then go to softwarebook.com, get a free copy of the book. All we ask you to do is pay for shipping. And after you get your copy of the book, you'll get access to a reader portal where we have tons of resources. Our goal in this book is not that we fill your head with head knowledge, but that we actually make a tangible impact on your business. So, there's a ton of resources to help you actually implement what we teach. So go to softwarebook.com for your free copy today. Chris, I'm stoked to have you here, man. This is awesome. What's up, Matt? Good to be here. Great to see you again. You, too, man. Um, dude, we're getting right into it cuz I need you to spill the tea. How do you get a guy like Damon John interested in being the face or one of the faces of a B2B SAS company? Yeah, people ask me, they're like, "Were you on Shark Tank? Did I miss something?" Uh, no. It's really pretty simple. Like, you just have to ask. You know, like a lot of people are, "How do I work with celebrities?" He's like, "Message them, DM them, ask them." You know, with Damon, it was actually that we hired him to do a a little remote speaking thing. We had this virtual event. We asked him to speak remotely, and this was early on in 2020, so nobody was doing physical events. And because we weren't going to get to hang backstage, my brother and I were like, "Let's put together a cool little video about us just introducing ourselves." So, we sent it over just so he could get a feel for who we were. Then when I interviewed him, the first thing I did was show him a picture of me in seventh grade with a foo jersey on. I'm like rapping. Yeah. I'm rapping at a talent show. I'm throwing Monopoly money. It was like on my town newspaper front page. And so he's dying laughing. And so it's just connecting, you know, and so afterward his team sent us a message and was like, "Damon loves you guys and, you know, wants to figure out how to work together." And so it's it's just simple things, finding ways to connect. What made you reach out to Damon specifically? So with Damon, we were honestly like DMing and reaching out to every shark from Shark Tank. It was a Shark Tank focused thing. With Traul, you know, our whole thing is systems and processes and scale your business. And when people get an investment in the tank, they're looking for that systemization. You know, they're like, what are they going to do? What's the pixie dust, the secret sauce that's going to make my business grow? And so we thought anybody that watches Shark Tank is probably, you know, interested in this. And so how do we borrow some of that authority and align our brand with it? And so we started pinging different, you know, celebrities, personalities that were in Shark Tank, people that wrote the books like Michael Gerber from E-Myth. Um, and saying, how do we align ourselves with these people? Because they already have the audience that we want. And so if we can show that we're next to these people, if we can get them speaking at our events, if we can get them endorsing us, uh, that makes our potential customers that much more confident. I feel like sometimes founders will like overco complicate the quote unquote influencer marketing thing, right? But essentially, it's the earn media playbook like anything else, right? Person A has an audience. I want some of that audience's attention. I'm going to work with that person. It's it's literally that simple. Yeah. Yeah. And and like another example is uh Montel Jordan. So Montel Jordan sang, you know, this is how we do it. And so that was like our anthem, you know, like we play that song every week at our all hands meeting. And so we were like, how do we work with Montel? We found out Montel was on Cameo and you could I don't know if you can still do this, but you could book a Zoom meeting, a live Zoom meeting for 15 minutes with certain celebrities. And Montel was on the list. And so me and my brother thought, well, let's get them on a Zoom for 15 minutes. And when you fire up the Zoom, Cameo has all these terms and conditions like you may not pitch them, you may not do anything about this. So as soon as he gets on the Zoom, we instantly go into our pitch like very quickly, as fast as we can. The screen goes black, like Cameo shut it down cuz they're moderating and 10 minutes later, Montel DMs us on Twitter and is like, I'm interested. So So sometimes it's like brute force, you know, just make it happen. It's weird cuz most entrepreneurs are rule followers, right? So, no kidding. Um, dude, so like thinking about this for the founders out there watching this, like what types of companies is this not the right play for? I honestly think it's the right play for any company. You know, like if if you have even a super vertical specific solution and you know, there's somebody on stage at the conference that your industry goes to, how do you make it so that that person is naturally suggesting your product? Or how do you make it so that that person is running up to you and high-fiving you right after they get off the stage and everybody else is like, "Well, who's that guy or who's that girl?" you know, like aligning yourself with the people that have authority and have influence is how you start to develop authority and influence, right? It's kind of borrowed. And so, I think across any industry, there may be different levels of celebrity, but there's always going to be somebody that is relevant and gets more attention than somebody that nobody knows. Do you like when you're setting these agreements up or doing this work, like what do you look for? I just I know the people watching this, right? Like there are people or tactical founders or like this sounds good. I agree with Chris, but like then what do I do? I have the conversations, but what do I ask for? Right? Is it like do you like do structured co-arketing kind of stuff? Like what's the right level of involvement? I think you want to meet them where they're at and figure out what kind of deals they're doing. And so for Damon, it was a a deal where it was a virtual speaking event. Like that was a way we could start working with them. And so part of that is like you're going to pony up and show that you're here to play. Like you can pay whatever fee they want. You know, another thing we did was we had some of the actors from the office. Dude, I remember that. You remember that? And so reaching out to them was through their friends and agents. And I I one the first actor that we got was through this guy that was like, "Do you ever watch uh Entourage?" And you know, Turtle, like he's like the friend of the of the So it's like you go through this back door that's like a friend that's like, "Yeah, I can get you five minutes with this guy." And I had to wire this guy like a couple thousand dollars. Never met him. Wire it through PayPal. it is a risky proposition. I'm like, "Okay, I'm never going to see that money again." But then a couple weeks later, I get a video back, you know? So, you've got to be able to take some of those risks. You got to be at a stage where you can do that. But sometimes that's just like table stakes. Show that you're there to play. And then once you're in, once you can develop a relationship, then you start to suggest other things like, hey, why don't we revenue share on this? Or why don't we do this event together? Or how do I get you promoting us and you know, you get a share of the the, you know, delta in conversion rate from my ad versus your ad. Like there's all those things you can do, but you don't lead with that out of the gates. You got to give them something to start with. That's probably pretty common, right? Like you get the first contact made and then maybe a founder like goes too hard too fast and scares them off. Yeah. Yeah. Or or Yeah. They just have a creative arrangement and it's like look I don't know your business. There's a million businesses I could do revshare deals with. Like but if if I work with you if if you pay me to do the thing I am selling now the second sale can be creative. Yeah. That's interesting. There's probably a bit of uh like reputational risk for them too that they need to kind of sus out, right? make sure that the partnership with with you or with the other company is going to be, you know, additive for them, right? Yeah, totally. A little diligence. And so with Damon, uh, when we brought him in, I actually sent him our pitch deck and our fundraising. I I said, you know, this is about the company. I sent him videos on our our product. So, his team really vetted us kind of like they would with any investment that they did before we ended up working together. Gosh, this is almost like being on Shark Tank go through everything. Yeah, totally. That's cool, though, man. Man, I forgot about the office. That was a good one. Yeah, that paid off for years. Yeah, that's super cool. So, let's go back in time for just a minute, right? I mean, business and systems and SOPs and everything standardized and get ready to scale. It's like it's a tale as old as time and at the same token that's an unsolved problem. I mean, at least until you guys came along. Like, what was the moment where you were like, "All right, I got to build this. This has to be a thing." Like, what was your moment of inception? Yeah, I think it's largely still unsolved. easier and every day we're getting a little better at it, but it's a huge problem for businesses, you know, like when I was building my first company to 2013 or so, it was a grind. But I was getting introduced to mentors, I was going to events, reading books, and everyone talks about your systems and your processes, and everyone says, you know, you should have SOPs and you should have roles and responsibilities, but I felt like I was kind of cobbling it together, and no one was showing me the template. M no one was like here's everything that you need for a scalable business. I was hacking it through WordPress sites and everything like that. And so after I sold my first company, I feel like I had this luxury of working with my ideal prospects before I built trul. So for 3 years or so, I was working with consulting clients, helping them with their operations, their systems and processes. And I got to see through and be paid for this service of helping people organize their business. And so it was through that that I saw this pattern of like everyone has a a brand that they can package up. Everyone has a culture that they can package up. Everyone has, you know, like a mission and vision and like these key milestones in your business. Everyone has their menu of products and services they're trying to sell. Everyone has people and an org chart and roles and responsibilities. Everyone has some form of process or best practice even if it's not written down. And as I was helping company after company with these things, I felt like why is this so chaotic? Like how do we streamline this? Yeah. And that's my consulting firm was called organized chaos. I love it. Like so I would come in, understand it all, and then package it together for someone. And a couple years in, I thought maybe I could productize this. You I had productized my service. I was selling this like flat rate project. I'd come in with a team of people and we'd do all the work. What if I could turn this into a a software? And so the initial inception of Trrenual was back in 2014, late 2014. I hacked together this little tool with some outsourced engineers. It cost me no more than 10K. That was my budget. So 10 the 10K MVP. Yeah, I love it. I I had this launch sequence. I read Jeff Walker's book and I was like, yeah. I was like, I'm going to launch this business and it's going to be a windfall. Yeah. And I had this like newsletter list of a few hundred businesses that had been following me. So, I thought, okay, I'm I'm going to Easy Street, baby. I'm good. Yeah. I've been selling consulting for 15, 20, $30,000. This is like a $99 product. Everyone's going to buy it. And I sold three. I sold three. So, so this is the fabled uh JK launch, right? the put it back in the bag. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, so January of 2015, I'd geared up for this big launch. I shot these videos. I remember telling these like this like Saabb story about my first business. Um I was being very vulnerable and I I had this sequence and despite all of my preparation, no one was conditioned and ready to buy the software that I wanted to sell. And so I didn't know what I was doing. I had never had a product before. I I I had this was my first attempt at real like a marketing sequence. Yeah. And so uh so yeah, it was a failure. I sold three of them in an a lifetime deal. Oh. Helped me recoup some of my development costs. Might be a blessing that a lifetime deal didn't take off though, right? Yeah. Yeah. More people didn't buy it. Yeah. But it helped me recoup some of my development costs. Yeah. Um, a month or two later, one of those companies asked if they could pay me $5,000, which was the rest of the delta I needed to make up basically to have 50% of the business. And I thought about it. Wow. I almost gave them 50% of the business at a coffee shop, man. And I said, you know, if this is working for you, it's probably going to work for other companies. I just need to figure it out. And so, no, I'm not selling it. Yeah. Do you just ever reflect on that moment? I mean, like, how different would everything be if I sold the half the company? Five grand. Yeah. And I mean, two years later, 2017, I actually pitched a friend of mine to buy the whole business for 40 grand. Wow. So, it it didn't get much better over the next couple years. So, basically, if you want me to go into this. Yeah. Yeah, please. So, the next couple years, I I decided, okay, I'm not a SAS CEO. I don't know anything about SAS. Let me go back to consulting. But I've got this tool that I can put people on for some recurring revenue. Got it. After I'm done consulting. Yeah. So I'd give it to them free for six months. I would put all their stuff in there. Like a tech enabled service kind of thing, right? Yeah. And then after we were done working together, they had to pay the 99 bucks a month. And so 3 years later, I had 20 or 30 clients on this thing. But I didn't see myself as a SAS CEO. Yeah. And so a friend of mine who had a a business that was scaling really quickly. He was doing the software thing. He was doing Facebook ads. He was scaling. He had a team. I said, "Hey, why don't you just take my business and put it into your engine? Uh, I'll take I'll keep a small percentage and I'll just continue to do the consulting. I'll advise you." That was my pitch. And fortunately, he turned it down, too, man. So, like at what point did you quote unquote relaunch, right? I mean, this was I think a three-year period in between the first launch and when Trrenule came out again. Yeah. So late 2014 was when we first built the initial version. Late 2017 was when we built the new version and we relaunched it in January of 2018. Got it. And so it was kind of between the summer of 2017 and January, those 6 months that uh we decided to do this. And so at the time I hired a full-time in-house engineer, local guy. Uh, I thought trrenual might be an easy project for him to kind of kick the tires on while he was getting up to speed on some of my client work. Oh, so he wasn't even full-time for truly for the product. No, he was initially going to come in and help me stitch together APIs to help my consulting clients with their operations. And I thought trul's low risk. Like there's basically no one using it. why don't you like kick the tires and and let's try to get some a couple new features done. And so he told me, I remember being on the phone with him. I was in Maine with my wife uh and and our first son, and he said, "I looked at the code. I can do the feature stuff that you want in about 120 hours of development, but I think I could rebuild it from scratch, and it'd be a lot cleaner if you give me four weeks, like 160 hours." And so I thought, "All right, that's not a big deal." Yeah. So, I approved 160 hours, rebuild the whole thing. But then as we started rebuilding it, I had so many ideas and like the light bulbs started going off and my wife saying to me like, "Hey, if 30 people are using this, like couldn't a 100red or 300 or" and I got like enamored by this idea of building a a SAS company trying it again? And I thought maybe I could stop selling my time and instead give it away and give it away through marketing and content and monetize the business through the software. Let's try that model out. And so I got all my team around the table. I designed a new logo on uh 99 designs. That's where my first one came from, too. I love it. I paid the upgraded $100 for the more options. I printed t-shirts. I brought the t-shirts to our conference room and I said, "Guys, let's try this for six months and if it doesn't work, we'll go back to consulting." Yeah. And everybody was in. And so, yeah. How big was the team at that point? Five. Five people. That's cool. You're still on like sitting on the kitchen table kind of thing, get everyone aligned. Yeah. So, then how did the uh like how did the go to market strategy change for that relaunch versus what you tried when you got the three sales? Like how were you approaching it? Okay. So, rewind a couple years. When I initially launched it, I had a few hundred people that were following me on this little newsletter that I put out. But over those few years of doing consulting, I wrote a little book. I developed more of a following. I My book was called 100 Hacks to Improve Your Business, and it was just like recommending a bunch of tools and tricks. Uh, I started doing a lot of guest blog posting. I was like a paid contributor on a bunch of different sites. I had a inc column. Uh, and so I had built a little bit more of credibility. Yeah. And so when we decided we're going to relaunch this thing, I turned off our website for new customers. And so from like, you know, September of 2017 until we launched, you couldn't get tranual, but you'd go to the website and there was this countdown clock. Okay? And there was kind of like a sales page of saying like, "Do you wish you had this for your business? Uh, sign up here. get notified about our new version. And then I started uh emailing out my newsletter list and I downloaded all my LinkedIn contacts and emailed all them. And I started building this uh kind of awareness that hey, I'm not consulting anymore. I'm doing this tranual full-time. Uh click here to learn more. Click here to get on the the wait list. And so I I built up this list of, you know, hundreds and hundreds of people that were like, "Tell me when it launches." Yeah. All through your own network. Not no paid at this point, right? No paid. Yeah. Yeah, it's all through my network. Um, and I didn't really have that the first time. Yeah, the first time it was my consulting clients. I realized that consulting clients are paying you to solve their problems for you, to do the work for you. And a software is somebody that signs up and wants to do it themsel. Yeah. And that's a very different buyer and mindset. That's a really I think salient point. I don't want anyone to sleep on that if you're listening to this. Because dude, like services companies is one of the most common like cauldrons that people use to brew up SAS companies, right? I think not having clarity around how different the ideal purchaser is of a consulting offer versus a SAS offer. I mean, it's a it's a big gap between the mindset of the two people. Yeah. Yeah. The mindset is again like, let me cut this check and you're going to solve my problem and I'm solving my problem with money. Whereas when you're pitching a $99 tool or something, the investment is so small that it's obvious you need to do all the work. And so I would do these pitches, these demos early on. I'd share the price. And they'd be like, okay, I want to like, can we set up a second meeting? I want to bring my leadership team in on this. Like you're like, I want 100 bucks. What are you talking about? $99. Like what are you talking? And it it was because it's going to be so much work on them. Whereas if it was just like a hey stroke this check and your problem goes away that's easy for a CEO to do. Has that come I know I'm skipping ahead but like has that come full circle for you at all? Like now do you work with larger entities who want professional services on top of like getting their stood up? Do you guys do that now? We've solved it through third party consultants. Yeah. So, we have a certified partner directory and so operations consultants, people like what I used to do um can you can find them on our website. You can filter them. You can see all their reviews and they're certified and train and they just pay us like a platform fee. It's awesome, man. I think it was doing the math a year maybe 6 months to a year later when we first met at SAS Academy, right? And I was reflecting when I was preparing for this um this episode about the first time that I met you. And I remember it was when you and Jonathan were teaching about how to build a world-class video ad for your company right on the SAS Academy stage. I think I called it the the small CAC the small cad wouldn't surprise me. Wouldn't surprise me. Um, dude, and you know, anyone who's picked up our book, you know, if they made it to chapter 3, which I hope they did, um, you know, your story opens it, right? You and Jonathan, and you know, you guys started doing Facebook ads once you had like a little bit of traction. You're like, I think 4K at that point, started launching the Facebook ads. It was right around the same time you were teaching this in SAS Academy about how to build a great video. And I mean, you guys smashed with your Facebook strategy earlier. I think you ran a similar ad strategy all the way up to multiple six figures in MR. Yeah. Like what made it work for you? What made Facebook ads work for you? All right. So, there's a bit of that right place, right? You know, Facebook ads today are a lot different than Facebook ads in 2018. And so, in 2018, there weren't a lot of businesses that were advertising on Facebook. It was almost like a year or two ago what everyone was saying about Tik Tok. You know, it's like, oh, that's where the like kids look, you know, look at dances. Like, no one no nothing serious happens there. And that's what people were saying about Facebook. Facebook was like a consumer platform. And so it was different that we were doing business content on Facebook and that was just like right place, right time. In terms of the video strategy, we followed this strategy that we learned through a a conference my brother and I attended that was marketed to like married men wanting to like, you know, really push themselves physically. And it was this this whole thing kind of adjacent to to business. And the way that they did it was like they they they captured your attention through the pain and the problems you were going through in probably in your relationship or physically. And the way we did that, the parallel was like, let's show people that, you know, your business is probably a mess. No one else could run your business. Can you even get away? Can you take a vacation? And I think that that resonated with people the way we were telling that story. It was super authentic. It was me and my brother walking down the street, you know, iPhone kind of videos. It wasn't polished. It didn't look like an HR tech company, you know, and so people would see this message and they would be bought in long enough to keep watching. And once it got past, you know, the 10-second, 15-second mark, now it's pivoting to the influencers. And you see Michael E. Gerber and you see these CEOs you might know and you see these big logos and it's like everybody is trying out this new product. Are you? And there's a little bit of this FOMO and that was exciting and then it all drove people to our website and it was total productled growth at that time. Like you sign up for a trial, you convert on your own. We didn't have a sales team and so the recipe worked really well back then. But I'd say the biggest constant today is that we went where there was like there there wasn't a lot of competition. It was like unique that we were doing business stuff on Facebook and then we were really authentic and different from our competitors just the way that we were talking. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Like you know, one of the things that I appreciated when I interviewed you for the book was you also had a very clear like success criteria for what ads needed to do, right? And I know you made joke about small CAC, but like it's actually what, right? a customer acquisition cost. And I remember when we were talking, it was you had a a certain um like payback period, the number of months it takes to make your money back out of the Facebook machine. And you knew exactly how many sales needed. Initially, it was five sales. I need five trials to convert to paid at 99 bucks a month for me to continue to be able to fund this, right? And so, like I just for what it's worth, it's such a healthy way to think through it because I think sometimes founders won't necessarily have the hurdles predefined. They'll say, "I'm just going to," they budget instead of like set the success criteria. It's like, "I'm going to invest 30K into this and see what happens." Yeah. And instead of that, it's like, "Well, no, what needs to happen for me to invest 300K?" Like, "What would need to happen for me to continue to invest?" And I remember, it's so funny, the specific things I remember you said something you or Jonathan, I remember, but it was in that thing. And you said, "And once you get your payback period less than 30 days, you get to put it on a credit card and earn points." Haha. Yeah, it's free. Like, it's free if it's less than 30 days. Dude, my mind melted at that point. And I was like, that's incredible. Like, I want to go do that. You know, it was just you actually get more than 30 days because there's that like for this month, you get all your charges until your statement date and then you've got another 30 days to, you know, so it's like 31 to 60 days or something that you can get. And so the closer you get your payback period to that credit card revolving kind of timeline, uh the money is almost like free. And as the business has grown, that's been like unsustainable. But at the beginning, it was how we lived. Yeah. I mean, spoken like a true booster, right? got to figure it out in the beginning and uh and make it happen. What do you um so like right place, right time. I see that. But you're talking to someone now. We're shooting this in 2024. What's the principle behind figuring out how to be in the right place at the right time? Like how do you engineer that look? So part of it is the dynamic between my brother and I, okay, and just talking about like what are we doing as consumers, you know, like where where are we hanging out? what are where are we sending each other videos like you know we we go to events and and we would understand like what are our peers doing um and so so that was how we recognized that everybody is like tagging each other there's all these Facebook pages that people are on like people are there for business even if it wasn't set up to be have a business presence at that time and so I think as you know and Facebook pages and everything have changed so much in the last 6 years but like at that time they didn't even have a way to have like a business page or something or it was very new, you know, and so and so like the platform was still figuring it out and so we were sort of like pioneering like well how how do we operate here, you know, and I think it's similar like we did the same thing in Tik Tok and the strategy was a little different because people it turned out weren't really buying there but we were able to drive a lot of organic views of our content there. Um, and so I would just tell people like, you know, where are you, you know, figure out where your customers are hanging out, which is pretty timeless advice. This episode of the SAS Academy podcast is sponsored by SAS Academy. And rather than me sitting here and telling you how great we are, which I'll tell you, I do believe we are. I used to be a client of SAS Academy and it changed my life forever. But I want to share with you a few of the testimonials of founders just like you who have been through our programs and seen some incredible results. It's interesting because I think that and David Canel said this a few years back when I listened to him speak from drift. Um he went when they you know their whole thing was conversational marketing and you know it's not B2B or B TOC it's H to H human to human. Yeah, I think there's so much truth in that though. I know like I think a large segment of I believe your guys customers are what I would consider like you know very SMB you know segment but there's like so much to learn like from what consumer companies are doing from what ecom companies are doing like the buyer journeys they're different but the first few stages I feel like are similar like the behaviors are similar you still have to connect to a human being emotionally you know I think that that's why it was such an antiattern I feel like for you guys doing things with people from the office and you know Damon John all these people and so many other companies don't do it because they're like we're B2B. We need to like do our discovery call and you're here like doing skits on Facebook with famous actors. It's just so it's so different. But I think it really hits, man. Yeah. And and we've taken the same style with our our creative. So we had a full-time videographer as like our ninth employee. That's amazing. We we knew we needed to create a ton of content and so we are, you know, using one of those boring company torches and torching, you know, three- ring binders. We're like we we had this this thing where um we were spilling cereal everywhere and vacuuming it up as if like the cereal was your business knowledge like and it was a thing that we did for a while. We had this thing about like cloning sheep and this that we were using for for a while. And so it's just been like crazy ideas to get at those different, you know, those different anecdotes. Like um we have some claimation ads running right now that are like, you know, throwing throwing people in the deep end of the pool and it's like action figures drowning in a pool. So funny. Where do the ideas come from? Like is this creativity from you and Jonathan? Do your does your marketing or creative team come up with it? Is it a mix? Like how does it work? It's definitely a mix, but it's a lot of the ideas come from me or Jonathan. And uh in the early days, it was very collaborative and now Jonathan totally leads that. And he's just coming out with the most wild stuff and and you know, like one out of three things really hits. And that's a good ratio, man. And that works. That's kind of world class, honestly. We keep experimenting. Yeah. Yeah. That's cool, man. So, we've talked about a lot of the good and a lot of the fun. I want to switch gears for a sec because I have this hypothesis I ask a lot of people on this podcast the same question, right? I just I feel like most success stories and trrenuual is an obvious success story in my book like have s like survived a couple of tricky situations or business near-death experiences if you want to call them that. I'd love to know what's the what's the closest brush you've had with failure and how you deal with it. Closest brush with failure. Uh near death. It's funny. I was at an event last week and they were presenting on a near-death experience that was like a legit we have no money, we are done. Uh we have all these people, we have like, you know, one of those moments where it's kind of like how do I go on? Yeah. I feel like for for us over the years, it's always been more of like plan A, B, C, D, E, F, G, you know, like there's never been a a moment where we were so surprised that it was near death. Like I guess the the closest couple times would be um the about a year into the business, like 13 months into the business, my one of my five employees, one of my five the only one that's not still with us is uh she took a job at Facebook and that to me was like we just lost 20% of the team, you know, like and she is our our like designer, product manager. I was like, "It's the one that's like running the front end of the business." Yeah, it's a lot. That was a huge hit. I remember texting my wife like, "Buck, all the all the use." I don't know if you have to beep that out, but um that was that was one later that year in our second year of the business that it company was scaling so quickly um like you mentioned to multiple six figures, but I could not fund it anymore with all of the debt vehicles that I was trying to get. And there was this one moment where Amex turned off my charge cards. Oh yeah. And I was like, I thought you didn't have a limit. What are you talking about? They turned it off and I had to start just like calling friends and seeing like who I could borrow money from to pay our balance down and who I could take like a personally guaranteed loan from. So I mean that was like one of those moments. There was a a moment um in the first couple years where we didn't get a new sign up for eight days. Mhm. And we thought like, all right, demand's gone. We've saturated the market. And this is like, you know, very small at this point, but like everybody's trying it. Nobody cares anymore. It, you know, it's like we're done. It turned out the signup page was broken. Oh man. For 8 days. That sucks. Um, so there's so many of those little things that happen, but I think I think the right approach is like take a deep breath, you know, evaluate different options. And you know since then maybe maybe other than like the first 2 or 3 days of co there's been nothing in the business that like really felt like I hit a wall. Um and that's been good. That's cool. I feel like there's probably founders listening to you just run through that list and I want to go back to the one of them you mentioned about um when the MX turned off your card and you're running out of cash. Yeah. Yeah, cuz I feel like the question people might ask themselves, especially if they haven't been in that situation yet, is how are you growing that rapidly and running out of cash? Like this whole concept of the cash conversion cycle and you know having to fund growth and not getting it back in time to fund the next month. Like how do you think through that as a CEO? Like how do you deal with that? All right. So this is like a PhD complicated topic, but I think it starts with every business has this acquisition cost and for businesses that aren't yet in SAS. If you're listening and you haven't created a a SAS business yet, maybe you have a service business and your company uh acquires customers through your own time. You spend time of your all the hours you have in a week, you're spending time that you have to quantify and say how much time does it take you to go out there and to find a new customer. And so every new customer that you had has some cost. It's got the time that you spent. It's got commissions you've paid. It's got marketing or ad spend that you did. It's got materials if you had to print anything. It's got event costs or sponsorship costs. All of that goes into the cost of acquiring that customer. And so you need to really understand your cost of acquiring a customer. Then you need to really understand what is your average customer buying. In ecommerce, it's like what is your first sale? What is your first transaction? In SAS, it's what is your subscription revenue and how long is that subscription likely to stay around? And so either calculus, either way you go, you're trying to figure out the cost to get the customer and then what they're going to pay me and how long it's going to take for me to get them to pay me that back. So it's it's pretty simple math. You build this spreadsheet. U your you know cash cycle basically is like I spend cash or time or whatever to go get leads. I have to convert so many of those leads into customers. They pay me this. They stick around for this long. And then you understand like how much cash your business is going to suck up acquiring customers. And so there's things that you can do to frontload that cash. Like for a subscription business, you might decide we only want to sell annual plans. So now we've collected 12 payments on day one. And if your CAC is less than 12 months, you've collected all that cash, right? Um or you might have a setup fee. You might say, "We could charge every new person $500. that accelerates me paying back the cash it took me to go get that customer. And so you have to kind of do a little like, you know, a little math and a little experimenting to figure out how do I pay back this cost? Uh, and how long is this customer going to stick around? And so th those are the economics that every business has. And a a business that can fund itself is collecting more cash than it's putting out. and a business that needs to raise money is, you know, the tables have turned and you're paying out more. And so at that point in Trail's history and the more we started to grow, we were paying out more uh to get those customers. Uh it was taking us longer to pay those customers back, but we were okay with that because they're sticky customers and we could see the behavior of them renewing year after year. And so the more bigger we got as a company, the more okay we were. I probably just went into way too much detail, but for this audience, it's exactly what I was hoping you would go into because like I believe that this what you just explained is the gold standard in like uh growth efficiency for any self-funded software company. Like the math that you just went through, I need to like build a calculator or something. I'll probably do that and put in the notes like but the math that you just went through like that is the whole game. Once you have that early traction where you're like, "Okay, I can build a product. I can solve real problem. people are willing to pay me for it. Like when you're trying to grow, that's the whole equation is what you just went through, right? And it's like people don't realize this concept that the acquisition machine needs to hold your cash before you get it back. And what you're just trying to engineer for is how short of a time can I have this machine holding my cash before I get it back. And like the it's just such a cognitively weird thing to think through that I can actually grow so fast that I run out of money. Yeah. Right. Um Yeah. Yeah. Understanding this cash cycle is is like the most important, you know, beyond having a product people actually like and use. Yeah. Because there's so many levers you can pull. You know, you can say, "Well, what if I charge 50% more for my plan? Now I just cut my CAC down. You know, I'm paying or I'm paying it back faster." Um, what if in month three I upsell people on this add-on or this community and 20% of them say yes? Now I just collected more cash in the door. And you start to model out that of like every cohort that I'm bringing of new customers, how how do they go through this this journey? And you can start to predict where your business is going to need more cash. Yeah, that's freaking brilliant, man. Like that. I love it. That is that's a master class in 10 minutes from from Chris Ronzio on how to figure out the math problem behind your business. I love it, man. Um, so there's one other thing about your team at Trrenual that I want to talk about, then I want to switch into some leadership stuff and it's your brother, right? Love Jonathan. I miss him. I haven't talked to him in a long time. Um, obviously a brilliant marketer that that we all know. You know, the creative guy who's doing claimation ads. Yeah. But man, like so many people in life are like never do business with your family and here you are crushing business with your family. Like what is what is that like for you? I love it. We have so much fun. We have a special relationship and so I think if people don't get along with their siblings or their family, like it'll make it worse. Yeah. Don't get into business with them. We had the advantage of so we grew up really close. We're like three and a half years apart and so we were close enough to be you know involved in each other's lives. Not too close that we were very competitive with each other or anything like that. Um but I also had my video business, my first company at a really young age. I started when I was 14. He was 11. And so he tagged along on a lot of our productions and like kind of grew up a little bit in that business. uh him and his friends were helping me out, you know, as at our sales table or putting like spines on VHS tapes in my basement. So, we were working together at a young age and then uh he went to school for marketing. I had my business and then went to like management school, kept growing my business and he started doing this cool stuff after school where he was going to um you know like like he he went to Switzerland and helped Old Spice launch their Matterhorn deodorant by dressing up as James Bond and like hella skiing. Like that's that's what he did. And then he went to like, you know, the Haiti and and gave out supplies and and advertised like Cliff Bars and he was putting together these like video stories and cool social content and every once in a while I'd bring them in to help my consulting clients. And so when Trrenual launched the the first time in that 2014 15, he wasn't involved with it. But when we started launching and in and that gearing up for that second launch, I said, "Jonathan, can you just like do a once over and, you know, look through my materials and he's like, "This is garbage. Let me rewrite it." You know, and then after a few weeks of talking through it, I convinced him to move to Arizona for a couple months with his wife and their dogs uh to help launch the business. And I gave him like some equity in order to do that. He thought it was just going to be for a couple months, but the traction that we saw so fast and how much fun we had, it's, you know, it's turned into full-fledged co-founder type thing. But I think the the way that it works, the reason it works is we didn't start the business saying like, hey, it's me and you 50/50 and we're going to make every decision together and we're going to, you know, cuz then you butt heads with people. We started the business with me as the the founder and the CEO and him as the CMO and the marketer. He had a clear lane. Yeah. He had an area he owned that he was had the autonomy over. Um but we had clear roles and I think that made a difference. So important, man. Um what what challenges have you bumped into? I'm sure there's got to be some, right? Well, we have a different like he's he's always been remote because he's in Boston. I really thrive with working with people in the same room. And so, you know, like the trrenual's product team, all our product managers are all in Arizona. We all collaborate around whiteboards and get together. And I love that. I thrive on that. So, you know, my brother, I've I've like so many times tried to recruit him to to live near me. Like, I'll buy you a house, you know, like just come here full out, man. Please. Um, and it's it still never worked. So, I think that was that was one thing. But, uh, we've settled into this really awesome operating rhythm. And what's cool about him being my brother is I don't feel bad calling him at midnight or, you know, texting him all weekend or sending them voice notes. Like, we went to Disney World a few weekends ago with our families and we're in line for, you know, an hour just talking strategy and like our families are very supportive in that way. Yeah. Do you guys ever have to like set boundaries, you know, talking about, you know, trial conversion rates over Thanksgiving turkey or whatever? I think the boundaries are set by the people around us. Yeah. Say, we're done with you guys. Be quiet for a minute. Yeah. Stop stop talking. Yeah, that's funny. So, hybrid team, that's interesting. Yeah. Um, I feel like that's probably harder than being a fully inerson team or a fully remote team. I think you're right. We had like the the uh the perfect example of that comment you just made was we tried to do an all hands in a new format, a quarterly all hands last week and it was a disaster really. Like we we I I we would do this thing once a year where we fly the whole company in to our office. So this is not our retreat, but we bring everyone to our office. We rent a big movie theater. We put everybody in the stands. I'm projecting on the screen. It's like such a high for me. I just love it. And so I wanted to kind of replicate that on a quarterly basis for our smaller meetings. And so we hired a film crew. We had the lights. We had the audio. We had the switcher. And we were trying to present in person and then stream it all remotely. And the projector in the room's not working. There's feedback from the microphones. We had to mute the music. You couldn't hear anything in the room. You could only hear it remotely. Half our speakers are remote. They're like, you can't see them when they're talking cuz the slides are up. So, we definitely underestimated the the technical challenges and I think that's a perfect example of like trying to make hybrid work. Um, you end up building like a a bit of a fractured culture as well. And so I think the way we've above and beyond the attention we give our remote to make them feel included on all the decisions and the updates and the async communication even if it's redundant to the the stuff that happens in person. Um we've done it kind of team by team where certain teams like our marketing team or our design team are all remote and have a remote leader and then other teams like operations, finance, product are in the office. Oh, that's smart. So you're So it's not So you can't hire I can't be a remote product person at Trrenual for instance. I'd have to be in Arizona. No. Yeah. Got it. And so and so that's that's how we've done it. Um that way team by team you can get a little bit more of that. The only like hybrid teams are more independent roles like uh engineers spread spread across across squads or sales reps that are more working one-on-one with people. Yeah. Tell me more about this annual inerson. I want to talk about your retreats in a minute, but like so that that's new, right? So that's you're it's basically like an annual like all hands plus kind of thing like a update on how the year went or what? Yeah, it's an annual kickoff. Okay. Um we used to do it in in December as like a just a holiday thing. Then we moved it to January as a birthday party for the company cuz it was in Okay, cool. And uh and this year we're actually trying to change it up. So like this year we we're trying to take the resources from that annual meeting and spread them across our quarterly meetings to just have much more engaging quarterly sessions. And so this is always kind of iterating and changing. But annually we do an inerson retreat where we bring everybody together for 3 days and it is no work. It is a nonwork thing. Uh it's been purely about connection and fun and relationship building and and that's been amazing. And so that's the one that was in Flagstaff was in Seattle before that you were telling me, right? Yeah. Yeah. So, okay. So, no work all. So, it's not an annual planning exercise. You're not setting goals. You're not talking about OKRs or any of that stuff. It's just just being with the people. Yeah. Yeah. If if there's any kind of work thing, it's like a a small like a speech at at dinner where I'm just sharing kind of like it's you know, it's exciting for you. I'll be here or or um you know maybe there is like a reiterating an OKR but like the the time is spent where we mix and match teams so it's not just your team it's mixed uh and you go on excursions like you know you might go hiking a mountain we did like Grand Canyon hikes we did you know uh um mountaineering sort of stuff on on rainineer we did canoe riding in in uh in Seattle we did uh museum kind of tours we did wine tasting thing. Um, it's opportunities to mingle with people you might not normally work with and build some relationships that kind of help keep the glue of the culture together. Because when you know people and you're friends with them and you have those common experiences, then when the product marketing GTM is a disaster, it's like, hey, we can work through this. Dude, that makes a lot of sense. How do you look at that event when it's done since there's no work really being accomplished? like how do you look back on that and say, "Oh, I did a good job. This went well or this went poorly." Like how do you evaluate success? Surveys every like you ask everybody, you know? So, so there's definitely like some simple surveys across the team of like what they liked, what they didn't like, how they'd rate it. Um, and year-over-year we can see those responses. Um, and then there's just like the the engagement surveys that we do normally as a company throughout the year. You can see huge spikes after everybody has spent time together. Yeah, that makes sense. I think no matter how the world evolves, dude, right? It's like people just want connection at the end of the day. They want to have that facetime. They want to do what we're doing right now. Yeah, for sure. Just hang. Um, all right. So, then let's talk about the way you manage the team, right? And I want to I want to understand this one-on-one change that you made, right? I read this LinkedIn article and and it's interesting because I've always been a big proponent of one-on- ones and early in my career, like my first company especially, I didn't really get it and I was like, I feel like I'm just doing this thing that everyone said I'm supposed to do and I don't really know why I'm doing it. Um, and I've re-engineered that process feels like 100 times, you know, and then I've seen a trend lately, you being one of the people setting it where you're kind of dialing back on one-on- ones and now you're I think you said you're doing a monthly, right? Like what led you to to dial back the frequency there? All right. So, there's a couple things behind this. First, I think the earlier the business, the more daytoday and weektoe focused you are, and the more operationally in the weeds you probably are. And so, I wouldn't suggest monthly one-on ones for somebody that has five team members and they're like just trying to figure it out. Like, you're connecting all the time. And a one-on-one is space for your direct reports to like build an agenda and bring you some things that they want to debate or get your feedback on. But as the business has gotten bigger and bigger and me and my leaders have gotten a little less operationally involved, the first thing that monthly one-on- ons did is it let us zoom out a little bit more. Like nobody is saving things for a month to talk to me about that are operational. They'll just go solve them. Yeah. And or or like we'll collaborate through the week, but they're not saving things on an agenda for monthly. And so by connecting monthly, it orients us around the bigger strategic problems of the business. And then the next thing is depending on how many direct reports you have like I I don't know if any major Fortune 500 CEOs are spending 10 hours a week or 8 hours a week like in one-on- ones. Yeah. You know, and it's it's more that like you want to be available for the strategic things that come up. Yeah. And I realized I was way too overscheduled. So I needed to pull back all those things, like get rid of three of these one-on- ons with every direct report in a month. And I just bought myself back like 20 hours of time. Yeah. You know, and now I can use that time to be available on demand when things come up. And so that empty space in my calendar is what lets me go bra, you know, go go brainstorm with my product team on the whiteboard when before I would have been scheduled back to back or it's what lets my, you know, VP of of CX grab me as I'm walking down the hallway and I'm like, "Yeah, I'd love to dive into that with you because I have time for it now." You know, how have you seen that change the way your team shows up for you as the CEO? I think that they're they're more intentional about the monthly slots, you know, so so that's been good. And then I also think they're more autonomous, you know, like you you're sort of taking off the training wheels and saying like I I don't need to, you know, watch you every week. I don't need to micromanage you every week. Like you do your thing. And so again, this is this is has to be consistent with like the maturity of your business. But if you've got the metrics and the OKRs and all this stuff that you can have good visibility on, I think weekly one-on- ones are just too often. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. I'm an every other week guy right now. Um but I I see a lot of wisdom in what you're saying. Yeah. It's interesting. And so then but you still look at numbers and dashboards on like a daily and weekly basis, right? And so you're you're getting the quantifiables very very frequently and then doing the higher level career pathing type stuff on the monthly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So we have a um well career pathing is twice a year. Okay. Um so we have every six months for my team that I do a check-in with them on that. So I don't get into that monthly. Got it. Monthly is still more uh strategic big focus like how are we reorganing your department? How like do you are you hiring more people? Are there any performance issues going on with the team? Like um what's you know what are you most excited about for next year? You know it's it's like those kind of conversations. every six months is a little bit more like, you know, here's some direct feedback on on things how far you are from that next level you're trying to get to. Um, I can't have those conversations super often. It's like it takes a while to correct those things, you know, like when you give someone feedback that they need to work on their public speaking, you don't want them to be like, "Hey, I did that on Tuesday and now it's, you know, now like we talked about it last week and I'm done." Yeah. I checked the box one time. Yeah. It's like, no, that's this is kind of like a multi-quarter objective for you and I want to see a lot of examples of you doing that. Yeah. Um, so yeah, that makes sense. You literally ran a business called Organized Chaos, right? Which is like such a great name and also I think defines the world that we live in, right? How do you manage your own overwhelm? Because I'm sure it happens sometimes, right? I mean, you've grown a company that's been, you know, scaling really fast. I'm sure there's times where you just like, what the hell is happening? Everything's different every two weeks, you like how do you deal with it personally? So, I've got an incredible support team. First of all, I have a executive assistant at work. We've got a house manager at my house. And then my wife and I have an incredible like communication system and weekly family meetings and and so I think it's those three things. It's like, you know, keeping if I had to draw a line down the middle, it's like I've got house strategies and work strategies. So, what do you want to talk about? Yes. Let's start. Honestly, let's talk about the the home stuff because I think that's the more neglected thing. There's tons of information out there about how to thrive at work and I I don't know. I feel like sometimes people thrive at work and they go home and everything's like in shambles, right? Like how do you how do you keep it straight at home? Okay. So, I remember thinking that it's crazy that we as entrepreneurs can spend, you know, $10,000 or something on a whim because we found a coach we want to work with or we need to get new monitors, screens for like our team or, you know, whatever is happening at your office. But then when you think about spending that money to support your family in a in an organizational like to move your family forward, it seems like, oh, I don't have I don't have that in the budget. And so I I just thought of like, you know, the the money I'm spending at home, if my house is is like automated and I don't even have to think about it. How much better am I going to show up at work? And if my relationship with my wife is that much better, then it makes me a better CEO and leader. And so we've had someone full-time at the house like a a household employee for the last six years. So since trrenual started the second time. I did it I did it right the second time. Yeah. And it's been kind of a mix of someone to help with the kids, uh, helping do like meal prep or cooking, helping drive me to work, um, like like a few days a week so that I can get stuff done in the car. um you know just making sure that all the errands are done, the grocery shopping's done and everything's done around the house. Um they uh coordinate with with vendors when stuff has to happen, you know, landscaping or pool or or whatever. And so having that at home, I know it's a it sounds like a super luxury, but it's become a necessity for for running a business. And I was doing it even in the first year of trul um and it was like in in the first year of trul.com that I could pay hourly for 20 hours a a week and now we've got a full-time person that's you know a lot more qualified and everything but was um you might ask like was your wife always aligned with getting help in the house or was that like something that you guys had to come to terms with and negotiate? we had to come to terms with it because um she felt like on one hand that was her job and on the other hand she felt like when she got tired or needed help I was the one to fill in for that and so I remember drawing this out like this was like a whiteboard exercise at one point I drew out and I said look you have 100% energy and I have 100% energy and I'm using this percentage of energy maybe it's 70% for work and 30% of the energy at house. At the house you're using, you know, maybe 80 or like 50% of your energy or 80% of your energy and you my percent over here is never going to be able to match up to the 50% help that you need. Like it's just a it's a it's like a math problem. extrad yours. And it was it was like sort of a math thing, but um spoken like a true operations consultant, right? Yeah. Totally. It's like a Mackenzie slide deck. Totally. Yeah. So, so, uh, she came around to it and, um, and then, you know, since then it's just it's just built a little where, you know, my wife now is is super involved with the kids school. like she is in a spousal YPO group where she learns so much about like, you know, how different, you know, um, family things that things we can see around corners, you know, like as as our family's evolving and and uh, and that's been way more valuable than her doing the grocery shopping, you know, and so it's it's it's the same conversation that like the buy back your time thing where like, you know, leveling up what you're working on. Um, and it it it starts at home. So, so that's one thing. I mentioned my my weekly family meeting. So, my wife and I since we've been living together or since we've been married, um we've been together now gosh uh 15 years that we've been married and and uh over 21 years together. Wow. Um so, since we've been married, we've been doing weekly meetings. We called them decaf discussions for a while where we drink decaf coffee on a Sunday night and plan out the week. Now, as the kids have gotten older, we've incorporated them into these. And so we do like a a family meeting for breakfast on on Sunday with the kids and uh and we plan out the week and so we know exactly like what you know which which nights are going to be late, where there's travel, where you know we need to shift our our uh our house manager's hours, but like every week is planned in advance so there's no surprises. That's cool. I love it, man. Um I think that's a really good segue because I have some some personal stuff that I want to hit because I think you're an interesting dude aside from training, man. You've been you've been very public about two things recently outside of the business on social media, right? Uh the endurance athletics that you've been participating in, which I don't think is super new. I think you're talking about it more, right? Like marathons and stuff. Um and then also like the the challenges you've overcome and just kind of managing being a diabetic and an endurance athlete at the same time. And so I'd love to just understand like what do you think the world needs to know about like all of those things coming together? Yeah, it's um it's been a an experience for sure. So, I've had type 1 diabetes since I was 8 years old. Um it's it's something I grew up with, so I don't know any different. Yeah. And I think it honestly made me who I am. And I'm sure a lot of people that, you know, achieve big things or create businesses have have had some sort of setback in their life that's taught them to be resilient and that's taught them to overcome obstacles, right? And so for me at a young age it was finding out I had diabetes. I had to prick my finger, you know, eight to 10 times a day. I'm taking, you know, five, six, seven shots every day. Um, and uh, and constantly having to be aware of like what I was eating and how many carbs was in the cookie that my friend was offering me and like, you know, if I was going to go to a practice or a game, like do I have my juice box and like having to ask my coach to take me out because I had to manage a low blood sugar. like this just an extra element of my life that I've always had. And I think that growing up with that made me a lot more strategic and operational and organized and like aware and and made me plan ahead for things. And so like it's honestly probably a blessing, but it does definitely make running marathons harder. So like uh as I had my consulting company, you got to imagine like I I spent 12 years building a video production company dragging tripods and cameras and lights and and cables and all over arenas and airports and things around the country. And when I sold that business and I was a consultant, I was like, I have an iPad. Like that is all I'm taking with me, you know? And and so I had my iPad and then I would just go out and do like, you know, whining and dining people and before I know it, I'm very sedentary and I was like pretty out of shape. And so when Trrenual was getting started at the beginning, my brother was the total opposite. He's like I said, hely skiing and hiking mountains and he was on the NBC Spartan show like that like OCR thing. Uh, and so when he moved to Arizona, um, I I bought us tickets to do a Spartan race together. That was my Christmas present to him. I was like, I'm going to do this. And it was over the last 6 years that I've really gotten into this endurance stuff. And I think endurance sports and running a business pair so perfectly together because when you've got so much on your mind with the business, when you're trying to process through big issues, think about employee things, come up with strategies of how you're going to reduce your CAC, you know, like going for an hour run can really help clarify a lot of those thoughts or or going for, you know, swimming 40 laps in the pool. Like there's nothing for you to do but think. And so businesses that do like once a year annual planning and that's all they do to take their head out of the sand, I don't know how they operate. Like I feel like I'm annual planning every day. You know, every morning I'm I'm like doing some form of like listening to a podcast or thinking through something and and that's where I have all my best ideas and so uh to me it feels like a huge advantage. Are you like anything like me? you're like out for runs and hikes and stuff, just dropping voice notes to yourself for later is getting out of your head. Yeah. Yeah. I I I drop voice notes or I I try to just like type them and it looks like a disaster after like what did I write down? Is my blood sugar low when I type this one out? Yeah. Yeah. I'll send my assistant voice notes. That's our our our thing is uh either bullet points or voice notes that I send her on. Uh and if it's a bullet point, she knows it's like a something for us to discuss at our at our daily standup. That's how I do How does your um how does your fueling strategy have to change as a marathoner? Fueling like for the race nutrition. Yeah. During the race, it's different. I mean, it's similar in that your body needs the calories regardless, you know, but I have to think about how my blood sugar is going to spike and make sure that I'm eating like lower glycemic foods like, you know, oatmeal and stuff that like kicks in over a period of time and and like nut butters and that sort of stuff. So, I've got the calories I need, but it's not spiking my blood sugar. If your blood sugar is spiking up and down and up and down, like, it's really hard to manage a race. And so, what I'm trying to do is give myself a good base of fuel at the beginning before I run. And then every like half hour, I'm I'm having something small just so that it's like a constant IV of of calories, you know, and that's how I do it. That's cool, man. All right. Well, the question I leave a lot of my podcast guests with is simple, man. Um, you're doing a lot of stuff in life, right? I mean, building an incredible business, you know, engaged husband, engaged father, marathoner, all the things. Like, um, one day when the page is turned, like what does Chris Ronzio want to be remembered for? I want to be remembered for organizing chaos, you know, like I think that's I think that's my gift. I think that's, you know, that that's what's gone into our product is is how do how do we make this something that people just can start using and feel like they fill it out and it's perfectly organized and ordered. Yeah. Um and and I think that'll extend beyond just just the tranual product. Like when I think about my my life, it's like how do I help organize um you know bigger organizations, local governments like that, you know, there's so much that I think can can come out of like what we're starting at um that I'm really excited about in the future. So organizing chaos. I love it. And it's funny because hearing you talk about like I mean I learned a lot about you just in this conversation, but the it's all been organizing chaos for you since you were a kid, right? I mean like managing diabetes as a kid is organizing chaos being a video running the production company from I'm sure your wires were well laid out on the ground in some certain kind of way rather than you doing it forever. So it feels like your life's work to me man. That's pretty cool. That's the theme. Yeah. Where do people go to find more you man? So I hang out most on Instagram and LinkedIn. So Instagram just ranzio and chris ronzio on LinkedIn. I'd love to hear from you. And trrenuual.com if you got some cast organized. Yeah trrenuual.com like a training manual. So look for us. Awesome. This podcast is brought to you by SAS Academy, the coaching program for B2B SAS founders who want to scale their businesses while creating more freedom in their lives. You can visit sasacademy.com if you want to learn more. I'm Johnny Paige and your host for this episode was my good friend and buddy Matt Burlac. A special thank you to our guest and former client Chris Ronzio for sharing his expertise and story with us. This episode was produced by Nicole Bolu, Cooper Bernath, Devin Homus, and Chandler Jenkins. Hey, if you enjoyed this episode, can you do me a favor? Take a moment to subscribe and review us on your favorite podcast platform. Your feedback means the world to us, and honestly, it helps us reach more founders just like you. With that said, we'll see you next time on the