I had a heart attack signing at least cuz it was like it was this business park where basically new businesses went to die for the most part. From self-described skateboard punk kid to CEO of a multi-8 figureure business. In this episode we're going to unpack all of it. Today we're speaking with Matt Praos, founder and CEO of Reviewwave software platform that is transforming how chiropractors and optometrists run their practices. You've gone from a sevenperson startup to a 106 person team. And I got to know what is the biggest lesson you've learned scaling a team that fun. There's so many lessons. I mean, in the early days, what did you mean when you said entrepreneurs are broken? We're not sane. If you knew the pain and suffering that you were signing up for, you're going to get rejected by so many people. You're you're going to lose sleep from is am I going to make payroll? Am I not like who in their right mind signs up for this? Would you do it again if you knew what was on the label? Uh, you know what? Any recollection of that first moment where you were like, I need to evolve because what I what got me here isn't going to get me any further. I've paid, you know, over a half million dollars in the last decade to be in rooms and talk to different people and and really learn. And over the last couple years, I've gotten to the point where I'm I'm becoming one of the bigger companies in most the rooms that I go in. So, it was like, how do I find that next level? You know, we were raised on 16-hour days and figure it the [ __ ] out. Look, brute force will only get you so far, right? And then you have to figure out how do you get Hey guys, Johnny Paige here and I'd love to give you a free copy of our latest book, Software as a Science. This book teaches nine core frameworks that we have honed over our work with 3,000 founders. It tells the story of 60 different SAS companies and really focuses on the science behind growing software companies. So, if you're tired of spraying and praying all of these growth strategies, some of them working, some of them not, and ultimately not feeling like there's predictable growth in your SAS business, then go to softwarebook.com, get a free copy of the book. All we ask you to do is pay for shipping. And after you get your copy of the book, you'll get access to a reader portal where we have tons of resources. Our goal in this book is not that we fill your head with head knowledge, but that we actually make a tangible impact on your business. So there's a ton of resources to help you actually implement what we teach. So go to softwarebook.com for your free copy today. So look, you've gone from a seven person startup to a 106 person team, and I got to know, what is the biggest lesson you've learned scaling a team that far? Oh man, there there's so many lessons. I mean, in the early days, you know, hiring hiring the right people that, you know, can see the vision is is kind of that stage, that first 25. And then as you grow, you're you're looking more from generalist to specific people. And then as you get even bigger, you got like even more experience as you become, you know, a grown-up company, if you will, a little bit more um sophisticated. So um you know through all of it the absolute biggest piece is you know do they subscribe to our core values right because no matter how good they are at whatever their craft is whether it's accounting or marketing or sales if they don't fit our core values then it's not going to work long term. So core values is absolutely the uh the first and foremost lesson in in building your team and then you can get the rest of it from there. Yeah. You said something interesting that I want to touch on for the people listening especially in the early days is really important to make sure that they can see the vision. I think said differently it's a CEO's job to be able to sell the vision. Sell the vision. Right. So like how do you do that especially in those early days? Yeah. So uh so we were in a garage slash flex space. We had a literal door that could open up and a semi could back in like it was like a loading dock kind of thing. Huh. Almost. Almost. And so, um, anyway, it was just it was this business park where basically, you know, new businesses went to die for the most part, uh, cheap and I almost died. I had a heart attack signing that lease because it was like $2,700 a month and I had to personally guarantee it. Uh, so anyway, you know, people a it was hard to find the place, right? So, that was a big part of hiring is could you even find the front door. Uh but then once they walked in, you know, like you don't look at a garage space with no real furniture, uh you know, some makeshift desks, a a bean bag, and two people in 2500 square f feet and think to myself, this seems like a great place to work, right? So you got to have you got to be a little special. You gota you I mean to a large degree most of the people that come in at that stage are you know somewhat like entrepreneurs and we're broken right like we're we're we're like starting over our life and you know we don't really know what we're doing and so we see some ad and we kind of go in there and the vision has to include like that person growing and getting better. the my very first hire eight years ago was this young kid who uh you know kind of fresh out of college uh had a couple bad jobs, got suckered in some sort of scam I think and like lost some money on some you know like MLM deal or something. He walks in in this not matching handme-down thrift store suit and he's all scruffy and he's got these beat up shoes on that I think have some duct tape on him and like I'm only offering 15 bucks an hour and he's the only guy that showed up to the group interview so he got hired you know uh but then as we continue to build you know it we definitely had some people come and go and learn some culture uh some some core value lessons I mean I didn't start the company and go hey these are our five core values and you know out the gate they evolved over time obviously but uh but yeah these people that came in early um I didn't even honestly know how know to sell the vision I was just moving fast right and so as we as we you know had people who had been with us for a while and then they started to talk about how you know things how they saw things I realized that even though I wasn't trying to sell the vision I was talking about the future and and they were buying in right uh one of my guys who's been with me now for almost almost seven years. Uh you know, his mom who is a very successful, you know, uh businesswoman uh in her own right, asked him like, "Are you going to stay with this little company that's out of a garage?" And uh he said he said, "Yeah, I I think they're going somewhere." And this was like a year in. And so he saw the vision. And I mean he's he's done extremely well and you know grown up you know at the company moved from you know sold bought a house and sold a house in California bought a house in Texas you know got married had a family like it's his all of his dreams are coming true with the growth of the company and his growth in it. So uh you know he saw enough vision for him and the company to hitch his ride and I think that's the quality people that you get early that stick are those people. Yeah, dude. You said a couple interesting things I want to click on, but the first one is um that you were said you didn't really sell the vision on purpose. You were just moving fast. And I think a lot of entrepreneurs will overthink this concept of selling the vision, right? They're going to be like, "How do I put my turtleneck on and be Steve Jobs at the keynote?" And I don't know, I I kind of feel like just through your actions, like your authentic self trying to make something out of nothing enrolls more people in the vision. Like, is that representative of how you approached it? Yeah. I mean, I you know, I was definitely just 100% authentic. Uh, we had no HR. I had no time to, you know, do reviews or one-on ones or any, you know, that kind of stuff. Um, you know, and I I think people got a good grasp of what was going to happen in because I did group interviews and I had I would have, you know, 10 or 15 people, you know, on a couch, you know, I rapid firing questions. And I remember one time, you know, some person tried to walk in 10 minutes late to the interview and I I was like, "Get out." I couldn't get out. And they all were like, "Oh, like he means business, right?" And I think they all learned that very early. It's just like we don't have time for PE. You can't show up on time. You're definitely you're not a core value fit, right? You're not a culture fit. Um and so yeah, it was it was rough. And you know there was no there was no trrenual. There were no SOPs. There was uh just uh me and a a couple of other rugrats in a garage with uh you know each our own little dream. And there was definitely a lot of yelling and uh you know a lot of long hours. And um uh one of one of my buddies jokes he you know he's one of the OGs and he says you know we were raised on 16-hour days and figure it the [ __ ] out. Yeah man. That was that was how he felt raised. So yeah. I mean, dude, that's a very common and honestly like that's what you should expect if you work for a sevenperson startup out of a garage, man. Any other way is probably too slow. Yep. Do you still do group uh group interviews? Uh we don't do group interviews anymore. Um I have I mean group interviews to me is like uh it's a coping mechanism to, you know, get through. We didn't have time to do 10 15 interviews, right? So it's one interview and maybe we'll hire you, right? Um, and so, uh, I would I would highly suggest them in the beginning. I think they're very very good. But no, as especially, I mean, it depends on your stage, right? At at a 100 person company, uh, I would say no. But then again, when you get back to being a thousand person company, maybe they come back as a a thing that makes sense. Uh, but um, we currently don't. Cool. What did you mean when you said entrepreneurs are broken? You said that real fast and moved on. Like what's beneath the surface there? We're not sane it. It's like why if you knew the pain and suffering that you were signing up for for some random guy to go on glass door and talk about you've got barely average IQ and like you know you're you know Darth Vader or you're horrible individual and like all the things all the things that are you're going to get mocked and all this stuff right you're going to get rejected by so many people you're going to you're going to lose sleep from is am I going to make payroll role. Am I not like who in their right mind signs up for this, right? Like it's we're kind of weirdos in certain ways and everybody's broken in different ways. I mean, for me, I had a boss that just I didn't I was like, I hate you. I you're you're like I'm I doubled your company. You gave me a 10% raise and you literally mock me every day. Like, what are you doing? Right? I'm like, I can't do this anymore. So, I'm going to go out on my own. And uh so for me it was like you know mentally abused by this dude um who I learned a lot from. And you know as I look back I go okay well I had an example of what not to do, how not to treat people. So I mean I'm grateful for that. And I wouldn't be here today without the time spent with uh we'll call him Bob. Uh you know um and and so I'm grateful for Bob, but at the end of the day, you know, definitely was broken and unemployable. So if you're if you're unemployable, you got to be an entrepreneur. Yeah. That's a potato potato, right? One or the other. Do you would you do it again if you knew what was on the label? Uh, you know, you got you got to be a special kind of crazy for that for sure. Um, I mean, I don't regret it uh a single day. Uh, you know, and I look today and and I'm and extremely grateful to be, you know, at the level that we've built it to. I mean, there were many a days early on where it's like, you know, uh I'm not like a necessarily a super religious guy, but I mean, I got out of bed and got on my hands and knees and I did some praying, you know, like help, I don't know where dinner's coming tomorrow, like give me the strength to make it through, right? So, you know, there's there there was a lot to to unpack there, but um I I believe that life happens for you, not to you. And I needed this journey to become who I've become because the money, the cars, the planes, the watches, none of that stuff matters more than who I've become on the journey. So, can you uh I'd love to unpack that a little bit. Like who did you need to become to go from a guy who was trying to figure out where dinner was coming from to someone whose business is doing tens of millions of dollars in revenue? There are so many levels to that onion. That's for sure. I mean um you know the the guy who didn't know where things were coming from was was scrappy and had the grit to you know keep stepping forward right and and you know that is a 100% required trait for early entrepreneurs um you know but along the way uh you know I've had to you know learn um how to communicate differently with different people. I do swear a lot less these days. I wouldn't say it's completely gone. Uh but the early days there's a just a a percentage of brute force that's required to make it. But brute force will only get you so far, right? And then you have to figure out how do you get other people to do the work versus you just doing all the work. So uh the phases are uh you know almost uncountable uh if you really call them microphases. But, uh, you know, at the end of the day, um, you know, I think, you know, one of the the big things and and thing I'm working on these days is really giving myself grace to be happy with where I am versus, you know, the the manic where I want to be, right? Because I think with most successful people, they they feel like they're they're not doing enough and and they they should do more, whereas like most unsuccessful people think they're doing too much, right? Um, so do you have any uh any recollection of that first moment where you were like, damn, I need to evolve in my business because what I what got me here isn't going to get me any further? Yeah, I uh I actually spent a weekend in Park City with this guy who helped us kind of go through our our core values and describe our core values. And I and you know, we were sitting there and um you know, one of our core values at the time was give a [ __ ] right? And that's like it's still part of my core DNA and the way I think. But to put that on a website forward- facing for mass, you know, distribution to all kinds of different clients of all different types walks of life as well as all different, you know, uh employees was was maybe a little harsh, right? So that we had to uh you know, change that to handle it. Um so I think that that weekend in Park City there was tremendous growth uh you know personally and and working through and really understanding the core values and how that would affect other people. Yeah. So on the topic of values, one of the things that you and I chatted a bit before we started recording is that you put a lot of emphasis with your team on the fact that they need to be perpetual students. Think that anyone listening to this would be like, "Oh yeah, Matt, that sounds great. I want my people to learn stuff, too." But how do you actually make sure in real life that your team is learning every day? You know, so we we've done all kinds of things over the years from uh so we have libraries in our offices with books that we specifically want them to listen to. We have an Audible account with books that we specifically want them to listen to. Um you know, but I think you know the big thing is is leading by example, right? And I and you know at our town halls I talk about books that I've read. I talk about lessons that I've learned from those books. And um you know we have uh we now have two annual trainings but uh in we started out about 5 years ago with an end of year annual training and I started bringing in um you know famous speakers. So our first year uh we had John Asarf from the secret come in. He's he was local to us uh in San Diego and actually his son works for us. Oh cool. And so we had an inside connection to to get in there and that was during co so nobody wanted to travel. So, so John did us a solid and came down and um and I'll tell you another story about that in a minute uh after I finish this. But uh you know, we've gone on to we've had Tim Grover come in. Um I had Ryan Steumman talk, Ryan Holidayiday, uh a number of just you know, people that I believe in their messages. Um and I want our team to evolve. And so that I think has been a big part uh you know training and focusing our team. And then, you know, I I very vocal and share with them, you know, the health journeys that I that I work on and the things that I work to lose weight. So, we've had a tremendous amount of our team get way more physically fit and um you know, it's not mandatory or anything, you know, it's not like a modeling gig or something where there's a contract that you have to have a six-pack or something like that, but uh you know, I I try to, you know, show people that there's a better way. One one of our guys uh had never eaten a vegetable in his life. And uh every lunch I saw him bringing in drive-thru and I was like this has got to stop. And so I actually um went out and did some research and we started ordering pre-made meals from Icon Meals and so they were getting protein, they were getting carbs, they were getting healthy food and started teaching them how to, you know, eat right and we paid for it all. So, um, you know, long story short, a lot of it's lead by example and, uh, you know, just having that story, but, um, but one of our core values is is win. And I I've really aligned winning with like getting better, 1% better every day, right? And and you can't get better if you're not hitting all those pieces. Yeah. So, learning, leading by example. What are you learning right now? Uh, so I mean, right now, uh, I'm doing a lot of podcasts. Um, I am in the middle of reading Atomic Habits. I've actually never read that book even though it's, you know, such a great book and been recommended a ton of times. Uh, so I'm reading that. Um, you know, doing, you know, oneonone coaching with Dan Martell, which is going amazing. Uh, lots of podcasts. Uh, certainly, you know, enjoy, uh, Dan's podcast. I like, uh, you know, Hermoszi is, you know, one of the best teachers of of our generation for sure, breaking stuff down and making it easy to understand. Um, and yeah, those those I would say are are kind of my top of- mind big things that I'm I'm learning right now in addition to just, you know, continue to work through the the discipline I need to, you know, continue to uplevel my physical fitness, which is a, you know, mental No doubt. Tour. No doubt, dude. Let's double click on the Dan the Dan factor for a minute, right? I mean, obviously most people listening to this podcast know Dan Martell. You've been your SAS Academy alumni, your boardroom alumni. You came all the way through our SAS focused programs and now you're working with Dan privately. Like what are two or three things that Dan Martell's influenced you in life? I've paid, you know, over a half million dollars in the last decade to be in rooms and talk to different people and and really learn. And uh, you know, over the last couple years, I've gotten to the point where, you know, I'm I'm becoming one of the bigger companies in most the rooms that I go in. So, it was like, how do I find that next level? And I mean Dan's got such a great uh extensive uh experience in businesses of all different sizes obviously with the software twist. So it was just the the obvious choice to kind of go to that next level and obviously with his his own evolution. I mean he's he's just been on a tear this last year with his physical fitness transformation, his book and you know all the things that he's doing. So, it was uh absolutely perfect timing for me to to connect to, you know, to see, you know, have that energy in my life. And I mean, working with Dan, he's probably one of like less than five influencers on the internet today that's like not full of [ __ ] right? Uh trustworthy, you know, um and and really has the stats to back up what he's talking about, right? So, uh working with Dan's been absolutely amazing. highly recommend it to, you know, anybody, you know, in that, you know, top tier, uh, you know, of, you know, business that feels that need for that, you know, inner circle member to really know their [ __ ] Yeah, that's cool. Um, last thing on these core values, man, because I know how important it is. You've done a ton of hiring. How do you know when you're interviewing someone that they're going to live up to your core values? Yeah, it's a great question. I mean, you know, at the end of the day, so many people today are um full of [ __ ] and they interview really, really well, right? And so um you really have to re look for like the most minute details, right? So if you're hiring a more entry level individual, like you're not going to be necessarily going out to dinner with their spouse and interviewing them at the same time and doing different things. uh at my level where I am interviewing you know seuite level people like I do want to meet the spouse I do want to see what's going on I do want to understand their life and so you can understand a lot about you know person obviously by kind of looking at their life and how they how they do things um so there's no magic bullet to how to do it uh except for you know ask really good questions and pay attention to the details of the answer. Yeah. What's your uh like when you say really good questions, what's your favorite interview question? Uh it depends on the position because we're I mean we're at the size today where it's very much, you know, specialist, right? So if I'm talking to a marketing person uh or a salesperson, what's the last book you've read on sales or marketing? Right? And if you tell me like the 4-hour work week, like you are definitely not getting hired. Like that is been a minute, bro. Catch up with us, right? um you know who's your favorite you know influence in that area you know if it's a more generalist role you know you know what's your last book you know what's your favorite movie you know what what are your hobbies uh you know just trying to like dig into you know kind of behind the curtain where you know somewhat question is not expected because the expected questions have been yeah worked through and the proper the the the right answer is being given versus the correct the true answer. Yeah, that makes sense. Cool, man. I love it. This episode of the SAS Academy podcast is sponsored by SAS Academy. And rather than me sitting here and telling you how great we are, which I'll tell you, I do believe we are. I used to be a client of SAS Academy and it changed my life forever. But I want to share with you a few of the testimonials of founders just like you who have been through our programs and seen some incredible results. Let's switch gears and talk about the company. Right? We've talked about the man, we'll talk about the company. You started out solving one problem, right? You're solving reviews for chiropractors. Yep. Um and over the years now you managed all the patient engagement, a lot more features, a lot more wide ranging software. Like walk me through how you go from the initial problem you solve to now doing everything you do. Like there's got to be a right way to do this. How did you do it? Yeah. So um you know we we had no thought of creating anything more than a review generation platform. Hence the name review wave made a lot of sense. Uh ended up being the worst name I I think I've ever come up with. U you know after a year or two when we started to to diversify. But uh I was actually here in Chicago walking down the street with another extremely successful entrepreneur, multi-millionaire who um you know flew in on his private jet from New York to meet me in Chicago where his company was based. And we were uh having dinner, walking down the street to get to dinner. He looks at me and he says, "Matt, what are you going to do when reviews no longer matter?" And then he looks away and starts talking to his buddy and like I didn't have time to answer it, you know, think about it, nothing. And and that question that, you know, got under my skin is is like he's right. Like we're a we're a one-trick pony. And if if reviews ever went away, which they're not going to. Uh but if if they did, we'd be in trouble. And if all we did was reviews today, we'd be in trouble because other people have come out and started doing reviews in our space, right? So they do other things. they added reviews. So, you know, in the beginning it was talk to clients, what are what are you missing? What do you need? And they're like, hey, we're paying you for reviews. We're paying this guy for texting. We're paying this, you know, company for our uh electronic health records, which is like a CRM for healthcare. And so, um, you know, my my view was like if I'm going to add a feature, I don't want to just copy somebody else's mediocre feature. Like, what's wrong with it? What do we need to make better? And so, we were actually the first company in our space to come out with business texting. to to getting the text message rights to the office number which was a complete gamecher because patients were were not used to the random number that they couldn't call back. They didn't like the short codes. So so the uh the no-show rate was still decently high. And so when we came in and we started using the actual number, they recognized it. They knew it. They could text back and forth. We greatly decreased the no rate. So, you know, amazing texting and deliverability was always huge for us. So, uh that's a big part. Uh and then we just continued to dig what problems are you having? Uh we added online scheduling next. Uh you know and and I have background in digital marketing so conversion optimization. So we really designed it in a very special way that isn't like dorked out you know developers make this weird portal that's off on some other site that you have to you have to register for before you can schedule and all these you know things. So it's it's it's figuring out what is the what is that need? I mean, they're not going to tell you, "Hey, we need online scheduling, but we figured it out and then we did it." So, it's it's uh it's knowing your industry for sure. Knowing your your person and and being able to read between the lines on what's going to solve the problem that they're talking about because what they're saying, I need more new patients, you know, like, well, we could do marketing for them, but that's not what we do. We do software. So, what part of that new patient funnel can we fix? Well, we fixed scheduling. Got it. How did you end up in chiropractors? So, I actually come from the largest family of chiropractors in the world. Got it. over 80 chiropractors in our family. Um, you know, my parents were both chiropractors. I worked in their office, uh, you know, as a teenager and through high school. I just couldn't sit still. So, uh, after six weeks of college, I walked out. So, that was that. That was that. No, being a chiropractor. Yeah. Got it. That's interesting, man. Um, you got any stories about like how review wave has really changed a chiropractic business? Oh, absolutely. I mean, you know, we health care, chiropractors, dentists, uh, optometrists. These are small businesses for the most part. These are familyowned businesses that are, you know, a lot of times husband and wife, and they have, you know, one or two staff. They don't have big HR teams. They don't have recruiting teams. So, like hiring staff, retaining staff is hard. And so what Review Wave really did was was create a business in a box where if you turned it on and and your your receptionist no longer had to call every patient to make sure they were going to come in that day because the text message went out. And then if if the patient did miss for some reason, we could do automated follow-up to text them like, "Hey, you missed your appointment. Let's get you rescheduled." Right? And so we we brought a an enterprise franchise-l like level technology of systems and implemented in small businesses which allowed them to stably you know retain the patients they had while adding more new patients and so they would grow and um you know that's a game changer. I mean the you know we have uh you know probably over hundred testimonials on the website at this point just you know of of all the offices we've affected that you know have we've been able to shoot video with uh but you know we're we're now we've helped over 5,000 chiropractors build their practice uh US and Canada and um you know we're definitely not slowing down. Yeah. So so reading it back for a sec it's family business. You got 80 80 chiropractors in your business. You're talking to them. figuring out what features to install. No, the family part really wasn't a big part except for my experience in my parents office. Like I I actually didn't know most of the 80 chiropractors in my family. I mean, my my mom was second generation chiropractor and so like I but I never knew her dad and that kind of stuff. So they weren't like your first customers or anything? No, not at all. Um yeah, I don't I don't know that we've ever signed up a family member. Most of them are retired at this point. Um, you know, and so, uh, you know, I worked with chiropractors, uh, well, I worked for my parents. Then when I moved to California or, uh, from New York, I didn't have a college degree. And I mean, what kind of job are you going to get? Well, sales and marketing, right? So, I did work with chiropractors there and, uh, ended up working at a chiropractic consulting firm and really learned the business of chiropractic. So I could I I could literally, you know, at that firm, I mean, I consulted hundreds and hundreds of chiropractors, you know, after learning the business model and and the frameworks. And uh so I I really knew the problems they were having at that point. Yeah. Do you find it hard now that you got 106 team members to stay that close to your customer? Uh yeah, I mean, the bigger you get, the harder it is to be closer to your team as well as as well as your customers. And so, um, you know, certainly in the early days, I I had, you know, when we had 25 staff, I mean, I had all the staff over to my house for barbecues, right? Like, you know, it's that's just part of the the game at that point. And I mean, once you get to 50, you really, unless you have a really big ranch somewhere, you're not having a barbecue with everybody, right? So, it it gets it gets awkward and challenging to to keep those connections. And then uh you know with clients yeah I mean it's just it's something you got to focus on and and stay on top of your industry and you know see what they're going through and see what you can do. That's cool. So like starting out doing sales and marketing and then you had an agency for a bit and then started the software company. Like who were your early influences in business? Yeah. So I you know as we talked about we're definitely not you know normal people per se. I mean I we're not two Stanford CS graduates sitting in these chairs man. Definitely not. So, you know, back when I started looking at uh building a digital agency, you know, you had the the internet marketing um phase of like uh you know, Frank Kern was young and and putting out courses, mass control and things like that for like $2,000 and uh so, you know, I did a lot of that stuff. You know, Ryan Dice did a lot of those programs. Um, you know, but I think I think if I if I were to look back and say the two biggest early business influencers in my life would would be Frank Kern and Dan Kennedy. Frank had this interesting way of looking at life where um, you know, kind of throw all the Kiasaki stuff out and all that stuff. And it was just like, what do you want in your life? How much does that cost? Where do you want to live? What kind of car you want to drive? You know, all these things. Not buy it cash, but like what's what's your monthly payment going to be? All right. All right. Well, let's say let's call it 10 grand. Okay. Well, how do you make 10 grand a month? Right? And it was just so simple. It was like, you know, I mean, he was he was this degenerate surfer pothead, you know, personality back then. And I'm like, I like that. Let's be a degenerate surfer making $10,000 a month with a private chef and things like he was talking about. Uh, you know, so that was kind of how I looked at life. And I how do I get reoccurring revenue? And that was a big part to get to the agency and eventually the the software model with the subscriptionbased. Uh and then Dan Kennedy, you know, I think is one of the most uh brilliant business minds of my lifetime. Also underrated because he really, you know, he was at he he was pre internet in a large degree because he was he was at such a tail end of his career when the internet really started to kind of ramp up. Um but I actually I did a private day with Dan and I one of the you know it was it was a great day. Very enjoyed that. He showed me so many different ways to look at things and and gave me a lot of stable data like you know you can you can scale a lot of things but hold on to the bank account like don't give anybody else control of the bank account right and I mean I certainly could have let some people that would have screwed me take control of the bank account in the early days so that was a a solid piece of advice and I mean to this day the bank account is is still very heavily monitored right um so yeah th those two are uh two of my absolute favorites from from the early days yeah dude marketing is a funny thing it's like marketing changes really rapidly, but the strategies of influence rarely ever change, you know. Yeah. I mean, so many of the guys that are like popular teachers of the last decade, they all came from Dan Kennedy. Me and Frank Kern came from Dan Kennedy to a large degree. Yeah. It's funny. Before that, even, you know, Oglev on advertising, right? It's the classics, man. That's cool. Um, and so Review Wave was bootstrapped for a very long time, right? The seven guy in the garage story. Yep. And then when you crossed about 18 million in revenue, you ended up raising some venture debt, right? Yep. What went into your decision to raise money? So something happens. Uh Stripe has an API for VCs or something. The minute you hit like $100,000 a month in MR, you start getting all these emails, right? So I mean, we had been flirted with for a long time on money. And it just we got close a couple times. Uh but I just I had this gut feeling this isn't right. this isn't quite what I want. And um so we just we continued to stay boot trapped. We you know I had gotten to profitability pretty early on. I had stayed lean. Uh and then we were making I mean I was making good money taking distributions and different things and um you know I decided okay uh I was actually at a I was at a big mastermind event and I sat down with this guy who had sold his company for a billion dollars and he's like so tell me what's going on with your business. And so I'm like, you know, I'll cocky. I'm telling him all this great stuff that we're doing. And he kind of chuckles and then he sits back and I finish talking and I'm looking at him like, "What are you laughing at?" Right? Like what's that about? He goes, "When are you going to get serious about building your business?" And I was like, "What? What are you talking about?" I said, "Why are you taking so much money off? Like, put it back in, bet on yourself, and grow that thing for real." Like that was brutal. So I was like, "All right, you know what? Let's look at that. Let's stop taking distributions. let's put it all back in the business, see how fast we can grow. What does that look like? And um you know, so we we pivoted in in from a S corp to a CC Corp and stopped taking distributions and started running a 0% you know, deal and you know, we did that for you know, 2023. Uh we did an all stock acquisition in early 2023. Um and so you know, life was good. Uh but then the VC world changed from growth at all costs to like you got to be slow and I so I was like oh well let's flip that like because I always like to do like let's try at least try what everybody else is saying not to do right now right so I said all right you know I'm still not going to focus on IBIDA let's figure out let's let's have some extra money and make some bets and let's see what happens right and you know so Q4 last year we were looking at a series A and you know we got real close with a firm that I actually liked a lot. Um, they were just a little bit too conservative. But then it got down to the wire. It's like like why am I taking this money? Like what's it going to do? How's it going to change my life and my lifestyle, my energy? And um it's hard to be a CEO of a company that's mostly in a different state, right? An in office company mostly in a different state. So I travel out there and I'm away from my family eight, nine times a year for a week or so, right? And so I was like, if I'm if I'm truly going to be able to do this for a very long time, I need to change a few things. One is American Airlines, you suck. Uh I need to stop flying on your airplanes, right? So I was like, "Okay, so I need to start, you know, getting a private jet. I can fly out there. Life be a lot easier." And so I I said to the the guys that we were about to do the serious like, "Hey, I just want to make sure you're cool that like I'm going to spend the money cuz some of it's going to go to a jet." And they were like, "No." And I was like, "Well, this is we're going to end this conversation then." And so one of the guys who I really liked and we've become friends and and I've actually brought him on as an adviser, you know, he pulls me aside and and he says, "Look, you want money, but you don't want governance." And I was like, "Yes, that's what I want." He's like, "Yeah, you don't want to do a series A, you want to do venture debt." And I was like, "What's that?" Because I had no idea what that is. My Stanford degree around here somewhere, you know, nobody told me about it, right? Uh, so I learned about I was like, "That sounds amazing." Yes. And then all of a sudden, you know, he introduced me to a couple firms. I went through it and it's not cheap money by any stretch. However, if you look at it versus like a series A, if you're really going to grow your company, the stock that you give up for the price right now is a lot more expensive than than grow your company. So, uh, highly recommend entrepreneurs that, you know, have scale and can afford to make the interest payments on the debt to look at debt versus that because it's a great option. Uh, but we did it and, uh, you know, it allowed me to make some bets and and and a lot of the bets failed, um, which is there were bets, right? Uh so I learned from that and uh you know we burned we burned a few million uh and that really taught me that I don't like a a company that burns. I don't like it at all. So uh peeled that back to okay get back in the black be cash flow positive right? Uh you know but you know it's it's all part of the journey like what what makes sense what doesn't make sense. So, we've still got a war chest uh that we can use and we're certainly deploying some in different ways, but uh you know, the biggest part is just making sure that you know I can sustainably do it because if I were not part of the company, it would be in big trouble. Sure, that makes sense. What's uh what's next on the list of bets for for review wave? What are you pointing towards? Big bets. So, AI is is obviously huge. So, um so I bought a company called Practice Pal. We have review wave and we are uh days away from releasing in the wild an AI receptionist. Oh wow. The one of the biggest problems in in you know SMB healthcare is is they have trouble finding people to answer the phones. Uh chiropractors specifically have weird schedules. Don't work Tuesdays, half a day Thursdays, every other Saturday. Right? When do patients call? They call when they want to call, right? So, we can deploy this after hours receptionist uh to answer the calls, have real conversations, and because we're already reading the data in the EHR, we can actually schedule them and write it in. So, instead of having a weird call center with somebody who's really unhappy to be working nights and weekends, they can have a voice that's nice, pleasant to speak to and and all that. It's been amazing to listen to these calls. And, you know, people are like, "Oh, old people won't like that." I mean, you know, we were listening to calls. I'm like, "This lady's 80 and she just scheduled an appointment with AI without a question." Right? And so uh so very exciting to to see that going and and actually that bet that pivot where we're you know review wave as a patient engagement is really going allin on on AI a reception and how to run a practice on AI. Uh so we're we're actually combining all of our products into a new brand and we will now be called Aloha. A cool man congrats. That's awesome. Dude, you said something that's I think really interesting that I want people to sleep on. If you're listening to this, like C, I need you to capture what Matt just said here, right? It was you had these or your team had some preconceived notions that AI won't work in this scenario. And this has nothing to do with AI. It's this bet won't work in this scenario because I don't think this customer would do it. And your approach was not to battle that with another opinion. It was to say, let's try it. Let's go listen to some calls. Let's get the data behind it. You know, uh, Bezos calls it being a truth seeker, right? And it seems like it's pretty reflective. like is that how you normally approach things? Uh yeah, 100%. I mean, you know, uh you know, coming from the digital marketing world, you know, you do split tests, you do different things. So, so yeah, we 100 we like to test things. We like to see what's going on. But, um there's also like the the litmus test of like if everybody sees your vision, you got the wrong vision, right? That's big. So, you know, I definitely enjoy push back from my team, push back from our our clients. It's like that doesn't sound like it's going to work, but it's interesting, right? Uh, you know, and so obviously, you know, we got to go prove it out and and make it work, but the advancements in AI in the last 12 months have been ridiculous and what they're expected in even just the next two months that I'm hearing about are like more than the last 12 months, right? So, it's it's interesting. I mean, there's certainly like the the skeptical like we're moving into an iRoot world and like this is scary and and things like that. And then there's oh, you got to hire companies that use humans and yeah, you got to do that, but there's definitely scenarios where it makes sense to deploy technology and be able to empower people to do the most human jobs. Yeah. Right. Like if you're a receptionist, you want to receive and greet and help the people in front of you. Yeah. Right. Whereas like the phone AI can do just as good of a job. Um especially, you know, nights and weekends when you're sent into an answering machine or a call center or, you know, poor staff member who has to carry a cell phone on and be basically on call on nights and weekends. I mean, it's not fun. Nobody likes that. Yeah. And dude, it's interesting what you said about how like it feels scary with AI. If you think back historically, like cars were scary as hell when people were riding horses. Planes were scary when we were only driving, right? Um the internet was scary. Email was like, "Why wouldn't you just send a letter?" Like none of this stuff made sense. And I think that's probably a signal that you know, if you're not paying attention and sure it's going to be screwed up a thousand ways before it's great, you know? Um but like man, it's a it's a real thing. And it's it's definitely a real thing. It's exciting. And I mean, I've heard it all from like, "Hey, AI is now building AI, which builds another AI And by the third generation of AI, then that AI, all they want to do is kill the original AI. So like, yeah, you hear the conspiracies and like how it could go wrong. And obviously art imitating life with, you know, IR, Robot and and, you know, Eagle Eye and those movies, right? But, you know, I think hopefully we can, you know, be good and control it well and and use it to empower lives. Yeah. So, I'd love to just double click on the industry for a minute, right? I mean, we talked about the impact of AI, which is interesting, but maybe at a bigger level, like what what's broken about the way that patients and healthcare practitioners relate with one another that you're trying to fix? Uh, I mean, communication. So, so first of all, these these doctors are great people, but they go to school to be doctors, right? They don't go to school to run businesses and and be entrepreneurs most of the time. Some of them get extra business degrees and whatnot, but then there's coaches that maybe train them on systems and things like that. And so um you know they're trained to be great doctors. So what they should do just like as entrepreneurs we look at what are we good at we we need to do that and we need to pass the other things right and so you know um empower using technology empowering their teams you know especially you know with high turnover you know and lacking of training and various things technology can really help health care providers give higher quality of care by spending more time on the patient versus the administrative work. So it's like solving a zone of genius problem more than anything else. Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. Cool. Um I want to talk about your future for a minute. So one of the things that I know before we started recording you had mentioned you've got some interest in launching a fund. Um why? You know one day I will um eventually sell the company, right? And and you know anybody who knows me you know laughs at the idea of retirement, right? Like you know nobody like us. Yeah. I got to be solving problems. And so I, you know, having gone through my journey, I mean, you know, I can sit down with pretty much anybody who is uh a founder of a software company, you know, in the 0 to 20 range and I can dissect what's going on, right? And so if I could help, you know, five or 10 of these individuals a year by, you know, investing in their company and angel or series A kind of rounds, uh, that that would be exciting for me, right? because I could coach them to, you know, to do great and and to grow and, you know, most people never make it to 20 million, right? And so to be able to take a majority of these individuals that might like typically would never make it past five or 10 and help them get to 15 or 20 um would be a lot of fun. It'd be satisfying and and and I definitely, you know, would get my fix of of solving problems and, you know, seeing issues and being able to to provide that help. I mean, after a certain amount of money, you know, we enjoy helping more than more than anything else, but but money at the same time is kind of a a scorecard. You know, the money is an idea backed by confidence, and the more people have confidence in you, the the more money typically ends up coming at you. Yeah, that's cool, man. It's a uh it's a strong vision for the future. It's pretty neat. Um I'd love to wrap up with a couple rapire questions. I always do this with with our guests just to have some fun. Um what's the biggest daily habit that you think's been crucial for your own success? Working out without doubt. Hands down, instant response. Yeah. Yeah. No matter what's happening, workout and you've had a journey on that. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, you know, it's it's been on and off for for years. I mean, I had CrossFit training for five years. Did a massive go rock one year. Uh, you know, did hot yoga for a while after that. But, uh, you know, I found weightlifting. Nobody had ever taught me how to weightlift as a kid. I didn't have a gym. You know, didn't have a dad who liked to lift weights or anything like that. And so, um, I ended up, you know, bumping into a coach who put me on a fitness program that had a like a bodybuilder type regiment to it. And for the first time, I started to be like, "Whoa, there's a little bit of line there next to that bicep there." Right? And you're like, "Oh, that's interesting." And so, uh, it gets easier when you see results. But, uh, but yeah, no, the the last the last two years, um, specifically have been big big years. I mean, September 2nd of last year, I started 75 hard and actually completed it. It was my third time starting. That was a big deal. And uh and I' I stayed pretty good on it. But yeah, working out every day has become just that lifestyle point that can't live without, dude. I love it. Um, next one is your bootstrapping phase, your fundraising phase or your venture debt phase rather. Which one was more challenging for you? Um, I don't really look at either of them as challenging. Uh I had actually had a huge uh financial like explosion of uh 2008 or 9 whatever that real estate in you know bubble was right so lost the house I had an apartments invested so I I basically ended up as with $250,000 in debt and that was brutal and I had to I had to figure out how do I get out of that and so I eventually you know negotiated and paid off the debts and and learned how to live on a cash basis. So um bootstrapping a company after that where you learn to not take anybody's money and just pay cash was was pretty straightforward right and um you know it was certainly stressful the first year once we hit profitability it was like smooth sailing right uh venture debt also not really stressful because again I did it so I didn't have governance right venture debt is like they'll give you the money they trust you enough that your company's big enough that worst case scenario they're in first position they're going to get They'll get it on their assets or they'll get it on their somewhere, right? So, they're they're they're safe on their bed. I mean, we have a quarterly call that's like, "Hey, what's up? How you doing? What'd you do this weekend?" It's very easygoing. So, uh I mean, I certainly didn't enjoy burning, you know, a couple million dollars this year. So, I I wouldn't say that that was fun, but um I I'm awkwardly I don't stress on almost anything. It's just a it's a point of being like there's a a phase of being an entrepreneur where it's like that emotion doesn't do you any good. Yeah. Right. So, you got to let it go. Dude, it's so funny. So, I was talking with Dan about this literally an hour ago where there's just a threshold in your life where you can make the choice to stop caring about certain things or you've conquered the emotion. You be like, "That used to just terrorize me and now I'm just going to just going to set it down and worry about it." That's right. Yeah. It's cool, man. Um All right. Last one. When the day is done, the page is turned. Yeah. Matt Praos is no longer on this planet, what's that one thing you want to be remembered for? Yeah, there's a there's a funny thing. Dan and I also had a conversation about, you know, this idea like legacy, these different things. Um, and uh, you know, there's not a this must be on my gravestone kind of thing anymore. I do do a weird exercise. I I do write my own eulogy occasionally. My wife was pissed when she was going through my notes. She was like, "What the [ __ ] She was pissed." Uh, that did not go over well. But, uh, for me, it was a great exercise. You know, it's just, uh, you know, it's it's really not about being remembered for it, but like at the end of the day, if I sit back and I go, "Hey, this is the last day. Am I am I proud of myself for what I did on this rock with the time that I had?" And if I can say yes, then then that'll be good. That's cool, man. I love it. All right. A lot of good lessons from this one, man. Dude, I appreciate you sharing an hour with us. It was awesome. You got it. Thanks for having me. All right. Thanks, man. This podcast is brought to you by SAS Academy, the coaching program for B2B SAS founders who want to scale their businesses while creating more freedom in their lives. You can visit sasacademy.com if you want to learn more. I'm Johnny Paige and your host for this episode was my good friend and buddy Matt Burlac. A special thank you to our guest Matt Praos for sharing his expertise and his story with us. This episode was produced by Nicole Bolu, Cooper Bernath, Devin Homus, and Chandler Jenkins. Hey, if you enjoyed this episode, can you do me a favor? Take a moment to subscribe and review us on your favorite podcast platform. Your feedback means the world to us, and honestly, it helps us reach more founders just like you. With that said, we'll see you next time on the Science Academy